# Turtle-Geometry-
The turtle geometry is a textbook written by Hal Abelson and Andrea diSessa. I found it useful in encouraging student to explore properties of the geometry displayed by the program. This repository includes basic application of turtle geometry based on python turtle. The functions are all based on the pseudocode in the text book. I hope the functions can help students who want to get hands on the turtle geometry and desgin their own small programs. Instructors who are interested in hosting workshop or mathematical outreach should read the following chapters. I hope it will provide you with basic ideas and interesting open questions.  
# Introduction-
Learn about a new Computer languages: Python
Practice using Technique and method including looping program, sub-procedures, Recursive design and programming with Turtle
Prove a path drawn by the Poly procedure will close precisely when the total turning reaches a multiple of 360 degrees.
Program the Creature’s behavior including sight, predator-prey, smell.
Make mini program about catch and run, random growth of a tree and recursive designs.

# Abstract-
Turtle is the drawing board feature for Python language. It allows us to draw shapes and pictures by giving the computer the proper commands. Although computer languages and codes can help us understand the nature of Python TURTLE, the main point of our study is to use Python TURTLE to analyze the notation and theorem behind. 


# Relative Open Question and Intuition:
Our main study focus on proving that every Poly figure would close precisely the when the total turning reaches a multiple of 360 degrees. We assume that, for any POLY, the vertices of the POLY is lying on a cartesian circle. Since we know that the direction won’t change if we add 360 to any angles. We can say that the Turtle will turns back to its initial direction when the total turning is some multiple of 360 degrees. Thus, we just need to prove that the Turtle will back to its initial position while it turns to its initial direction. If the turtle lies exactly on the circle, for a fixed direction and fixed increment, the chord it can draw is unique. Thus, when the turtle turns back to its initial direction. it has to be in the same spot as the original one. 
However, why the vertices of the POLY is lying on a cartesian circle? The idea is to prove that every point that generated by the POLY should be solved by a unique function of a circle in the cartesian plane. Intuitively, we can use proved by induction. We assume that all the points generated by the POLY satisfied function f(x). Since f(x) is computed by using the first three vertices of the POLY figure, it must satisfy the base case. The last step is to prove that the vertices at n step is also the rational roots of f(x). 
